feat: file-logger add vars (#9712)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/file-logger.md

| include_resp_body      | boolean | False     | When set to `true` includes the response body in the log file.                                                                                                                                                                |
| include_resp_body_expr | array   | False     | When the `include_resp_body` attribute is set to `true`, use this to filter based on [lua-resty-expr](https://github.com/api7/lua-resty-expr). If present, only logs the response into file if the expression evaluates to `true`. |
| vars        | array[] | False   |  Logs will be recorded only when the rule match is successful. See lua-resty-expr for a list of available expressions.   |

:::tip

`vars` 是由 [`lua-resty-expr`](https://github.com/api7/lua-resty-expr) 的表达式组成的列表，它可以灵活的实现规则之间的 AND/OR 关系，示例如下：：

```json
[
    [
        [ "arg_name","==","jack" ],
        [ "arg_age","==",18 ]
    ],
    [
        [ "arg_name2","==","allen" ]
    ]
]
```

> 以上示例表示前两个表达式之间的关系是 AND，而前两个和第三个表达式之间的关系是 OR。

Reviewer: Use english here

Author: fix

| log_format | object | False    | Log format declared as key value pairs in JSON format. Values only support strings. [APISIX](../apisix-variable.md) or [Nginx](http://nginx.org/en/docs/varindex.html) variables can be used by prefixing the string with `$`. |
| include_resp_body      | boolean | False     | When set to `true` includes the response body in the log file.                                                                                                                                                                |
| include_resp_body_expr | array   | False     | When the `include_resp_body` attribute is set to `true`, use this to filter based on [lua-resty-expr](https://github.com/api7/lua-resty-expr). If present, only logs the response into file if the expression evaluates to `true`. |

> | matches        | array[] | False   |  Logs will be recorded only when the rule match is successful. See [lua-resty-expr](https://github.com/api7/lua-resty-expr#operator-list) for a list of available expressions.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| matches        | array[] | False   | Logs will be recorded when the rule matching is successful if the option is set. See [lua-resty-expr](https://github.com/api7/lua-resty-expr#operator-list) for a list of available expressions.   |
```

  }
}'
```

> ## Configure the matches parameter

Reviewer: This block should be put before `Disable Plugin`

Reviewer: The section should be `Filter logs`

Author: fix~

> ## Configure the matches parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filter logs
```
